[Applause]
[Music]
hey everyone welcome back to the channel
so we have some very exciting news about
warner max which has seemed to fuel the
fandom's hope for the snyderverse being
restored
so if you take your mind back to the
very first snyder cup trailer that was
released at dc fandom you will remember
that when the logos appeared there was a
warner max logo but when the other
trailers were released that logo was
changed to the warner brothers logo
now warner max is a branch of warner
brothers that was designed to produce 8
to 10 mid budget movies per year for hbo
max and the snyder cut was under that
category warner max were the people who
green lit the snyder cuts and so without
them i don't think we would have seen
that four hour film
but what happened to warner max well
unfortunately toby emerick a former
executive of warner brothers folded the
branch in an attempt to control all
their films including the snyder cut
which is when all the dark arts started
like the trailers being leaked and the
blu-ray trailer being unlisted but now
we have hope warner max is coming back
and we know this because warner brothers
have reactivated the trademark for the
film label
this means that they are protecting the
logo name and basically the entire brand
of warner max
they would only do this for one reason
and that is because they are re-opening
the company
so with warner max being the supporters
of the snyder cuts within the warner
brothers company and being the ones who
can green light any hbo max film we have
some real hope now i think this could be
the warner brothers discovery mergers
doing
so if you don't know warner brothers and
discovery are merging next year and
because of that merger some people will
lose their jobs due to both companies
having people employed in those areas of
the company so someone will have to be
made redundant not only that but david
zaslav who is the current ceo of
discovery and will become the new ceo of
the merger has stated multiple times the
company will focus on what customers
want and trying to build better relation
with customers so this means he will
look at demand like our demand for the
snyder verse
anyway why i think this is the merger's
doing is because i think david zaslav
and his discovery team has done some
investigating into recent warner
brothers actions and have seen how they
have messed up in many areas
one of those being the treatment of hbo
max
i think they have some sort of power
right now as the merger is going through
and they have decided to reactivate
warner max so when the merger is
complete they can allow warner max to
focus on bringing the best content
possible to hbo max whilst allowing
warner brothers to focus on theatrical
releases
now i know this isn't ideal we would
love to see justice league two and three
up on the big screen but let me ask you
this watch the snydevers on streaming
services or not at all
warner max are our biggest hope now in
restoring the snyder verse and i would
be fine with seeing it on hbo max
we aren't in the same situation as we
were a year ago where hbo max wasn't
available in many countries
it's now in more countries than ever and
even if hbo max isn't available in your
country there are alternatives that
allow you to see their films and shows
i think with the situation we are in
having the snyder verse on streaming is
ideal
hbo max could create a small section
called the schneiderverse which means it
is very clear which films are in the
snyder verse and which are not so there
would be no confusion
it also means snyder can have full
creative control as people like toby
emerick won't be able to be involved in
his films but snyder would want that as
a guarantee before coming back he
doesn't want to go through what he went
through last time so he would return
after the merger goes through and when
certain people are moved on from the
company
there are obstacles in the way at the
moment however the merger can remove
some of those and help solve others i'm
not saying the merger is guaranteeing
the snyder verse but the recent news of
warner max coming back into play does
give us more hope all the signs are
saying that warner brothers discovery
will be a well-managed professional
company who cares what the customers
want and where egos are not a part of
the decision-making process
as i've stated before snyder does
currently have a two-year deal with
netflix which means we won't see the
snow diverse films until that is over
however that doesn't mean negotiations
and announcements can't happen way
before then
not only that but warner brothers
discovery will be on a mission to bring
back directors and actors who have cut
ties to the current ownership of warner
brothers like christopher nolan who has
walked away from the company and has
decided to work with universal instead
these kind of big names are most likely
the priority for discovery to get back
on board with the company and i'm sure
snyder is one of them
every movie he makes trends and is
talked about for a long time positive or
negative his movies are talked about
which gains a lot of attention for the
studio he is working with that is
something i'm sure warner brothers
discovery are looking at i will make
sure to keep you all up to date if any
more news comes out about this merger or
warner max as it now seems like things
are going up again and we are getting
more and more information that can lead
to the snyder versus restoration
as i always say patience is the key and
we cannot give up but that is all for
today's video thank you so much for
watching please make sure to like and
subscribe and turn on post notifications
so you never miss a video i hope to see
you here again soon so until then have a
great day bye
[Music]